---
layout: post
title:  "The start of my entrepreneural journey"
date:   2016-04-13 22:12:44 -0800
categories: status post
---

The start of my entrepreneural journey

As I write this blog,my life became extremely busy suddenly.ALready I was busy providing the basic necessities to my family and job 
hunting in the Silicon Valley,I need to write silicon valley as each one of us who searched a job in SIlicon Valley is well aware of the 
fact how cut throat it is.that too when u dnt have an experience in this land (though u r having a exp of 7 yrs) and u r not ready to show 
some fake experience.

But i started enjoying the process ,i started taking it slow as i see my daughter being near to me attached all the time.I cook for her,i make
her take her bath on weekdays and i play with her .Yes so many of us will think oh i do it everyday whats so special?
Yes they are very special yes very special to me.Earlier i was not aware ,as back in BAnglore though i was working from home most of the time
(cheers to my colleagues and that special company),cleaning the house,food for family etc were taken care of by cook/maid whom I dnt want 
to call maid as she became a very imp part of my family and I just think if i would have succeeded in my professional world without her.That 
would be a separate blog topic.

So i was enjoying exclusive time with my daughter without worrying abt house cleaning,cooking etc.Only my daughters food used to be cooked 
by me.

Relocating to bay area was a huge challenge for me.I felt like i became paralysed.I didnot know driving and everything became a pain.
I hated being here.Cooking and baby watch was not possible for me.i have never done this tough dual chore before.I started shouting.I felt
like i was losing it all.Everyday became a pain.As i feel that i am passionate abt what i do/or may be i am a perfectionist i was not happy 
with me.

In this houch pouch,i was also not able to commit to the mentorship programme for which our idea got selected.Though it was for a 
developing nation,i still feel that if i would have shown the commitment to meetings they would have helped me.I started shouting with
my hubby which i never thought i would in front of our daughter.

So nothing was working out for me.

I longed for my previous life.I thought i would be that mom who will crib after many years to her husband that becuase of you
I could not be a successful professional lady inspite of my very loving and caring husband who was my soul friend bfr marriage.


I hated every and each moment of life.

Things went on slowly.I came to meet few ladies who happened to be the life changer.I liked the way they took care of their babies being 
happy every and each moment.I talked more abt baby care and food.SLowly i started loving playing with my daughter.YES YOU HAVE TO BE IN THE 
MOMENT TO REALLY ENJOY LIFE WITH THEM.They sense it very quickly if you are not giving them their full attention and they become cranky

I started seeing things differently.I became more obsessed with healthy home cooked food,keeping the house clean and playing with my baby
Though these are the basic things,i feel if you do it in a perfect way it can give life changing lessons.YOu will feel good living in a house
which is clean,where healthy food is cooked everyday and the baby is happy.There is no argument between spouse.Yes this is not an ideal scenerio
but it can be made ideal.I felt i was being happy again.I tried to live at the moment without being worried abt anything.

Believe me ,that made all the difference.When nothing was working out,these three basic things gave me confidence to face the world again
My family is happy and i am ready to face the workld.

During this time,i came in touch with the Waldorf School of the PEninsula.I was already bing influenced by Waldorf philosophy.
And attending the parent tot classes there made me a more evolved person.I started reading the books.YOu are your childs first teacher,
Heaven on earth and beyond the rainbow bridge.These three books completely changed my perspective of life.
I am a more organized person because of these books.

I became aware of everyday rhythms which is very important and yes those rhythms are giving me time to write blogs,applying to jobs and 
cook everyday.We are a no television household but being a software engineer myself we cant compeletely eradicate screens but yes How 
imaginative a child can become without screen i can tell.Anything and everything can become a boat,railroad or a purse.I was not that imaginative.
She started playing on her own with her toys while i cook (magic of rhythm may be).And she became a very happy child.
Her patience is making us love Waldorf Education.

And talk abt food ,I became more aware of nutritious food(i was already back home).And we prefer home cooked meal everyday.After doing
all these i am getting time ,thanks to the Waldorf approach.My job hunting became fruitful,i started performing better and i started 
thinking abt my idea,i felt while i was all alone there at home,getting depressed,i culd not find a proper /appropriate place 
where i can nurse the baby while sipping a cup of coffee.As i already told of course there are lots of coffeeshops out there ,but i wont 
be comfortable as still i need to keep her engaged.ANd i want to have some me time?What abt if she poops?Those changing rooms  are in bath
rooms where i am not comfortable changing the baby.Or go in the car and change .That coffee sipping "AH" time is gone doing all these
ALso what abt mommies having older kids?Where can they go and play while mom and baby nurses?Ok wait i can get them some snack,talk to 
me abt snacks ,my kiddo is having milk allergy and i wont like her taking all those sugary treats at coffee shops?Why can there 
be coffee shop where i can get some healthy snack,of course u get them,but may be they are far away from you or u r not aware
ALso after snack wherw they can play openended ly if there is no park nearby?I dnt want them to watch ipad while i seep coffee?
And all that me time which i wanted is gone in that hulaboo?
I better dnt sip a cuppa.


I kept on thinking on this idea.

I talked abt it to my husband .He too agreed to all the facts.
I felt the need to start a immediate cafe like this in south bay and in sfo downtown .These two are the places where it is most needed 
i felt.Cleaning /nursing stations in walmart,wholefoods etc .Yes they have have it there but again they are in rest rooms.

I also feel that nursing pods with nursing+cleaning+pumping stations would help many moms in many locations.As i am a frequent caltrain 
rider,thanks to my job interviews ,i saw many moms who were struggling just to get a corner to feed their baby.
Nursing pods in main caltrain south bay stations (How abt a compartment which where nursing moms would be given a special privilege)

ANd a app which would track where the pods are /or may be make the pods automated (if it needs cleaning,if tissue is needed or anything,u can 
just check in and it will be done in no time)MAke the access automated.NO human labour is needed in pods,

I became really wild with my idea,These were immediate necessities which i felt needs to be addressed.

I was following LEan IN circle from long back and somehow while browsing mighty bells i saw a pitch competition happening.
I wrote a summary of my idea and it got selected for the pitch in front of their special guest ,the author of the book "One perfect pitch"

I got positive feedback and  from the distinguised crowd there.
FRom then onwards i felt i should not stop here ,if even few people do believe in my idea,it has the power to change 
the world.I started sending applications to pitch nights just to pitch and share my idea.I need to work on many things,as i have never been 
in any entrepreneural journey earlier ,it may take time,but SIlicon Valley has given me the power to dream and make it happen.

I believe my idea has the power to change the breastfeeding scene everywhere in the world.It will make our life little simple /little 
less complicated.

Thus here i am trying to pitch my ideas in front of investors ,entrepreneurs.

This is still not a full time job as i am job hunting to keep my passion of testing alive too.

Yes i am doing it all ,keeping my daughter happy,so if it doesnot happen now,i know it will happen once she grow up and i will have more 
time .

Dreams are the more powerful source of energy and it can change the worlds perspective of looking at things WHy not give a try.??
May be moms in later decaded would thank you for ur efforts .Cheers to mommyhood and cheers to my lovely daughter,who has given me wings and 
dreams wild enough

Keep rocking all












